turns finding kanga into a step by step instructions thing (#2)
AdaGold/hundred-acre-wood: README.md

```
  $ git clone <clone URL>
  $ cd hundred-acre-wood
  $ pwd
  $ ls
```

With `pwd`, we should see the current path that we are in.

With `ls`, we should see in the terminal all of the directories and files that live in the current path.

<details>
  <summary>What directories and files do you see?</summary>

  1. `Kanga-And-Roos-House`
  1. `Rabbits-Meadow`
  1. `README.md`
  1. `Six-Pines`

</details>

<br/>

Now run:

```
$ cd Six-Pines
$ pwd
$ ls
```

`cd` changed our location, and `pwd` prints the path of our new, current location.

<details>

  <summary>What is the relationship between the previous path, and the current path? With `ls`, what new directories and files do we see?</summary>

>   `Six-Pines`, which is a directory/location _inside_ of `hundred-acre-wood`, has a path that is like `.../hundred-acre-wood/Six-Pines`. In other words, `Six-Pines` is a directory located inside of the directory `hundred-acre-wood`, so when we read the path from left to right, we see that the "biggest" encompassing directory is to the left of the inner directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `Six-Pines`, which is a directory/location _inside_ of `hundred-acre-wood`, has a path that ends with the following: `/hundred-acre-wood/Six-Pines`. In other words, `Six-Pines` is a directory located inside of the directory `hundred-acre-wood`, so when we read the path from left to right, we see that the "biggest" encompassing directory is to the left of the inner directory.
```

```

In order to finish the exercise, you will need to do the following:

1. Determine the correct relative file paths that lead to each of the four characters listed in the output
2. Replace lines 1-4 in `lets-find-eyores-tail.rb` with those answers
3. Re-run `lets-find-eyores-tail.rb` until the script says you are successful

### Find Kanga

The first character we need to find is Kanga, and the first path we need to find is `kanga_roo_address` (line 1 in `lets-find-eyores-tail.rb`). Each of the paths start in the `Six-Pines` folder, and your path should be constructed accordingly.

To find `kanga.txt`, follow these steps:

1. Go out of `Six-Pines` and back to `hundred-acre-` using `$ cd ..`
2. Use `ls` to list all of the possible directories to visit. Which directory would Kanga live in?
3. Go from `hundred-acre-wood` to that folder using `$ cd <that folder name>`
4. Use `ls` to list all of the possible directories to visit. Is a file `kanga.txt` here? If not, use `$ cd ..` to go back to `hundred-acre-wood` and try again
5. Once you are in the directory where `kanga.txt` is, print out the contents of `kanga.txt` using the command `$ cat kanga.txt`

> Now we need to construct the _relative path_ of this file **from the starting point of `lets-find-eyores-tail.rb`.** Consider the `cd` actions you had to take from the starting point of `Six-Pines`. The file path might look something like `../Kanga-And-Roos-House/kanga.txt`. Oh bother. I may have given away the first answer.

Reviewer: ha! nice one
